A heart full of questions,
a life so unsure,
I heard what you told me;
I wanted more.
What you told me,
Unanswered questions
were answered that day.
The worry I was feeling
melted away.
All my worries
faded away.
It’s a long road we’re going down,
But faith can make things happen.
When there’s no way through
and no way round,
Faith can make things happen,
Make things happen.
I love what I’m learning
and share what I know.
I’m ready and waiting,
so here I go.
Yes, I’m ready
To share what I know.
My faith is like a fire
that burns within my heart.
I’ve got to keep it burning
and do my part.
Keep it burning
deep in my heart.
It’s a long road we’re going down,
But this I’ve not forgotten:
When there’s no way through
and no way round,
Faith can make things happen,
Make things happen.
Seeing sad days, bad days,
bring stormy weather.
Praying over and over,
staying close to Jehovah.
He said, “If you put your trust in me,
I’ll give you strength, and then you’ll see
The trials that came to be,
We faced them together.”
It’s a long road we’re going down,
But this I’ve not forgotten:
When there’s no way through
and no way round,
Faith can make things happen.
Now I’m so sure, I have no doubt,
When there’s no way through
and no way round,
Faith can make things happen,
Make things happen.